DOC Update README, contributing.md, GH templates (#2588)
huggingface/peft: README.md

# prints: trainable params: 3,686,400 || all params: 3,089,625,088 || trainable%: 0.1193

# now perform training on your dataset, e.g. using transformers Trainer, then save the model
model.save_pretrained("qwen2.5-3b-lora")
```

To load a PEFT model for inference:

```py
from peft import AutoPeftModelForCausalLM
from transformers import AutoTokenizer
import torch
```python
from transformers import AutoModelForCausalLM, AutoTokenizer
from peft import PeftModel

model = AutoPeftModelForCausalLM.from_pretrained("ybelkada/opt-350m-lora").to("cuda")
tokenizer = AutoTokenizer.from_pretrained("facebook/opt-350m")
device = "cuda"
model_id = "Qwen/Qwen2.5-3B-Instruct"
tokenizer = AutoTokenizer.from_pretrained(model_id)
model = AutoModelForCausalLM.from_pretrained(model_id, device_map=device)
model = PeftModel.from_pretrained(model, "qwen2.5-3b-lora")

model.eval()
inputs = tokenizer("Preheat the oven to 350 degrees and place the cookie dough", return_tensors="pt")

outputs = model.generate(input_ids=inputs["input_ids"].to("cuda"), max_new_tokens=50)
print(tokenizer.batch_decode(outputs, skip_special_tokens=True)[0])

> "Preheat the oven to 350 degrees and place the cookie dough in the center of the oven. In a large bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and cinnamon. In a separate bowl, combine the egg yolks, sugar, and vanilla."

Reviewer: Let's keep the output (even if it is not 1:1) so that users know what to expect.

> [!TIP]
> Take a look at the [examples/lora_dreambooth/train_dreambooth.py](examples/lora_dreambooth/train_dreambooth.py) training script to try training your own Stable Diffusion model with LoRA, and play around with the [smangrul/peft-lora-sd-dreambooth](https://huggingface.co/spaces/smangrul/peft-lora-sd-dreambooth) Space which is running on a T4 instance. Learn more about the PEFT integration in Diffusers in this [tutorial](https://huggingface.co/docs/peft/main/en/tutorial/peft_integrations#diffusers).

### Transformers

> PEFT is directly integrated with [transformers](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/en/peft). After loading the transformers model, call `add_adapter` to add a new PEFT adapter to the model:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
PEFT is directly integrated with [Transformers](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/en/peft). After loading a model, call `add_adapter` to add a new PEFT adapter to the model:
```

```python
from peft import LoraConfig
model = ...  # transformers model
peft_config = LoraConfig(...)
model.add_adapter(lora_config, adapter_name="lora_1")
```

> To load a trainer PEFT adapter, call `load_adapter`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To load a trained PEFT adapter, call `load_adapter`:
```

```python
model = ...  # transformers model
model.load_adapter(<path-to-adapter>, adapter_name="lora_1")
```

And to switch between different adapters, call `set_adapter`:

```python
model.set_adapter("lora_2")
```

> Note that by using the transformers integration instead of PEFT, you lose some functionality, e.g. methods to merge the adapter into the base model.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Transformers integration doesn't include all the functionalities offered in PEFT, such as methods for merging the adapter into the base model.
```
